adding browser troublshooting docs (#14213)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/single-page-app-monitoring/troubleshooting/nextjs-app-router-links-broken.mdx

---
title: Next.JS App Router Links Broken
type: troubleshooting
tags:
  - Browser
  - Single page app monitoring
  - Troubleshooting
---

## Problem

You are using the Pro + SPA agent along with the Next.JS framework and the links on your page are not working.

We are aware of an incaompatibility between the Pro+SPA Browser Agent and the Next.JS app router since version 13.3.2-canary.2.

This issue may be limited to the use of `prefetch` on `Link` components and/or the use of standard HTML elements that contain a `onClick` callback that invokes the `router.push()` function.

## Solution

### Short term solutions

You will need to downgrade Next.JS to version 13.3.1 or utilize the Pro Browser Agent.

### Support

We understand these solutions are not great options. We have reached out to the Next.JS team [here](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/discussions/53746) for assistance with this issue.

> If you plan to comment in the Next.JS community, please remember that this issue may be within one of the framework's dependencies. Please be respectful whithin the Next.JS community and do not spam the framework developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to comment in the Next.JS community, please remember that this issue may lie within one of the Next.JS's external dependencies. Please be respectful within the Next.JS community when seeking resolutions.
```

## Cause

> The browser agent operates by wrapping many browser globals like Promise. Modifications of the Promise global appears to result in an endless loop within the Next.JS app router when a link is clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser agent operates by wrapping many browser globals, including Promise. Modifying the Promise global appears to result in an endless loop within the Next.JS app router when a link is clicked.
```
